A digital platform or piece of software called a "cinema movie booking system" is intended to make the process of purchasing movie tickets more efficient for theatre or cinema-goers. By giving customers a comfortable, user-friendly platform to browse movies, choose showtimes and seats, and get booking confirmations, a cinema movie booking system streamlines the process of booking movie tickets. By providing ease, flexibility, and simple management of movie bookings, it improves the overall cinematic experience. This application allows users and movie lovers to book a movie and worry about the payment when the date is near basically, it enables them to book now and pay when they get to the cinema or movie theatre. The web application allows movie lovers to browse through and select the movies they like and want to watch, with the variety of movies and movie genres that we have to offer at that time in the cinema, providing them with relevant details like the title of the movie, the genre, the price and the year which the movie was released in. Movie lovers are also able to search for movies by their specific genre. The application also allows the movie lover to select the time they want to watch the movie, making it convenient for them to choose whatever time they can make it to the theatre and watch the movie without having to rush and the number of seats they would like to book, not excluding movie lovers that come in packs and want to seat as a group, the application has an option where you can choose 4 or more seats to book. The system also allows the movie lover to choose the type or size of snacks they would like to have, they can choose small, regular or large which is a combo depending on the size you chose. The application also has a DateTime or calender system where movie lovers can select the day they would prefer to come and view the movie. After the customer has picked or selected the day and time they would like to view the movie, the application confirms the booking and displays a message that confirms and tells them that the booking has been made also showing details like the date, time and the type of snacks to mention a few. Lastly, the application allows the staff to manage and update the system, by inserting new movies that are available in the cinema or theatre, deleting old movies that are no longer streamed in the theatre or movies that have reached their lifetime in the theatre or movies that are fully booked. Ultimately, the application allows the staff to update the movie details if additional information is needed by the customers regarding the movie. IMovie is a movie booking service, that caters to upcoming movie theatres, especially in townships and small towns, and honestly understands the needs of movie lovers and caters to them at the customer's convenience.